hey what's up guys my name is gaming and
welcome to another grand theft auto
online video in this video today guys
i'll be showing you how to wear the
police outfit the cop outfit and a
Fremen session online without playing hi
still see now of course when you play
the heist dlc mission a prison break
station that mission you get to be a cop
and just as a cop but of course you
aren't able to actually purchase this in
a female session but what i'll be doing
is i'll be showing you guys how to
obtain that cop outfit and were in a
primo session but the credit all goes to
machines ill I finish lee pronounce his
name his channel link will be down in
the description section and go on and
check out his channel because he is the
founder of glitch and I I have to
respect them for that case this isn't an
amazing glitch thank you for finding it
dude now for the first step guys you
have to launch the prison break third
mission which is prison break station
and an ambition if you want to be the
guy that gets a cop outfit you must be
the cop and all you want to do is once
you spawn in the game what you want to
do is just press starts going to online
tab and find a new session or you can
actually complete the mission is pretty
much your choice but just finding you on
my station and once you find you online
session you should be spawn in a wonder
where you spawn relief and what you want
to do is you want to pull up your phone
go on to a quick job and find capture
mode then what's the value capture mode
all you want to do is like you still
here you saw me actually going to a
quick job capture mode session and once
you're in a capture mode as you can see
you guys I am a cop now what you want to
do is just play this game mode and
finish it completely so just get to the
end either win or lose as a matter which
one also remember at the very start of
the round make sure to change your
glasses to something else I do not know
why but it's just part of the tutorial
on but I'm you may notice other people
doing this because it's just a viral
glitch now release one of the best
coaches but all you want to do is just
finish this capture mode and wash
you should be scorned any female session
with the outfit now guys once you get to
the loading screen all you want to do is
go into a free most issues of course
about for free mode and you're going to
notice that your character is wearing
the comp outfit now once you've loaded
in guys all you want to do is even go to
a clothes store all go into your
apartment and save yourself it now this
one outfit can be like customized to the
way you like it the good pants
everything but here's a weird glitch
guys I do not know what the hell
happened there but you can see about a
one of the signposts for dynasty there
you know that is really weird and
especially where there's a lot of your
favorite drops are literally worn is
really no hane so yeah there you up like
I said all you want to do is just going
to requirement and save this outfit
watch the Alpha is steve is pretty much
there you have it forever now and i
don't mean the rocks that will remove
this but this fish will be patched you
might want to do this as quick as you
can but guys it's pretty much it for
this video if you did like this video
when she leave a like from subscribe and
also go them on two machines news
channel subscribe to him like his video
and share this video fire for bringing
out this amazing glitch for other my
guys my name is just gaming how
wonderful day and as always guys peace
out